( theme music playing )
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Uploaded by [ sRtFeVeR ] new srt source
( music playing )
( water dripping )
♪ In the cafe
the other day ♪
♪ Down in Chinatown ♪
♪ There I sat
in a Chinese hat ♪
♪ With a black man,
yellow, and brown ♪
♪ Plinky Plinky Poo
said, "Quiet, please"... ♪
- ( moaning )
- ♪ Pakee Pakee Poo
will sing ♪
♪ And music will play
in an Oriental way ♪
♪ While played
by Ling Ling Pling... ♪
( yodeling )
- ( loud banging )
- Man: This is a raid!
- ( whistle blowing )
- ( men shouting )
- ( shouting continues )
- ( whistle blowing )
Man:
Federal agents.
( shouting continues )
Don't move.
Get the rats
out of those corners.
- Flush 'em out.
- Yes, sir.
Cash on the table.
That's right.
Give 'em
the third degree, boys.
Fuck.
( music playing )
Torrio:
You sure, Nuck?
Nothing to eat?
Thank you, John, no.
Grazie.
Anisette?
- John.
- For our guest.
Snuck it back
from Naples.
Well, in that case.
So, what brings you
to New York?
I was about to ask you
the same thing.
I'm from here.
Figured might as well
retire here.
You look good, John.
Relaxed.
I still can't
swallow right.
A few crumbs from
a biscotto'll send me
into a choking fit.
Small price to pay.
If only I knew
what I was paying for.
I'd always assumed
O'Banion.
A little closer to home.
Capone moved on you?
Let's just say
whoever it was,
I got the message.
Most fellas
in this business,
they get their retirement
papers straight from
the Grim fucking Reaper.
Colosimo, Rothstein,
Masseria.
Got his wake
tomorrow.
Joe the Boss.
Richest man
in the cemetery.
I'll show up,
pretend to say a prayer,
then I'll come home
and listen to Rudy Vallee.
Pleasant evening.
I got everything
I need, Nucky.
I eat, go to pictures,
feed the birds.
I walked away from
that other shit and
I never looked back.
Then I suppose you'd have
no opinion on who tried
to have me clipped.
What?
When was this?
Havana.
Two days ago.
Jesus Christ.
I ran into Meyer Lansky
at a cafe before it happened.
He's down there
all the time.
- What for?
- Who knows?
Get away from his wife.
Masseria, then me.
Within 24 hours.
Ask me, the little
kike's taking orders
from Maranzano.
Sit down with him direct.
Look him right in the eye.
- Maranzano?
- I'll broker if you want.
Be your go-between.
Year in, year out,
different dogs,
same fucking bone.
Well, how many times
you need to hear it?
Take the hint
and retire already.
( sighs )
Elenore:
O Lord, who watches
over children
in this present life
and the world to come,
bringing them to live
with the spirits
of the divine rest,
receive in peace
the soul
of your little
servant Susan.
- Amen.
- Ethan: Amen.
( crying )
( fly buzzing )
Damn heat.
Why haven't they come?
I sent a message for
the undertaker hours ago.
Say a prayer
for your sister.
Go-- go on.
Is she dead?
- ( crying )
- Hush yourself now.
She's with Jesus
now, dear.
It's going to be
all right.
( crying )
- Take him outside.
- Elenore: Shh, shh, shh.
Go, God damn it,
and get to your work.
Have we no money?
Is that why they
haven't come?
There was a dollar
in the tin.
- Leave me be.
- Did you drink it away?
- Just tell me that.
- She's my child, too.
Elenore:
The thought of her
in potter's field.
Ethan:
There'll be none of that.
Quiet now.
She'll rest in the yard
so she's close.
( tapping )
Sorry. Nerves.
Res ipsa loquitur.
Mr. Thompson?
Yes.
Thank you.
Good luck.
William Thompson.
Robert Hodge.
Welcome.
- Is it crowded out there?
- A little bit.
Hypothetical--
you're an assistant
US Attorney,
you're prosecuting a fella,
let's call him Baker.
Now, this Baker's been
arrested for petty theft,
due to be released
the next morning.
That night,
a detective calls,
says he's certain
this is the same Baker
who's a stickup artist
from Ohio wanted
for a string of robberies.
What he needs
is for you to misplace
Baker's paperwork
till the file
arrives from Youngstown
in two more days.
If you don't
and Baker's released,
chances are he'll flee.
Well?
I can't do it.
So he cools
his heels awhile.
Three squares and a cot.
That's not a bad deal
for anyone nowadays.
- It's unethical, sir.
- He's an ex-jailbird.
He killed a railway clerk.
He left a wife
and six kids
and you can't do
the police a simple favor?
The law is a shield,
sir, not a sword.
Holy Spirit High School,
Atlantic City.
Then Temple in Philadelphia
and St. John's Law in New York.
Atlantic City.
I don't suppose you're related
to Nucky Thompson.
He's my father's brother.
That relationship is usually
classified as uncle.
Well, you don't get to choose
your relatives, sir.
No.
But some of us get to choose
our staff members.
- Mr. Hodge, I--
- Thank you for coming in.
I'd tail him myself
if I had to.
- What?
- Baker, your stickup man.
I'd make sure he was released
in accordance with the law,
but I wouldn't let him
out of my sight
until the file arrived
from Youngstown.
I want to be
a prosecutor, sir.
I want to put
criminals in jail.
The ones who
divide families.
I've lost my own father,
heard my mother cry
herself to sleep more times
than I can count.
I know the way
crime eats you out
from the inside.
I know it
and I hate it.
Give me a chance, sir.
Please?
Let me do something good
with my life.
( music playing )
"Public Enemy,"
"Little Caesar," have you
seen either of those?
Comedies.
Good for a chuckle.
( men laughing )
Where's Mike?!
He's on his way,
I guess.
You guess?
Go fucking find him.
- Dove?
- Where the fuck
is D'Angelo?
- Where's D'Angelo?
- Where the fuck
is D'Angelo?
- Where's D'Angelo?
- Had a projectionist come over,
show 'em to me and the boys.
Hey, Ralphie,
what do you think?
Single pleats
or double?
Double.
Give the sauseech
a little breathing room.
( laughing )
- You heard him.
A dozen pair.
- Double pleats.
Would you ever do
a picture yourself?
What for?
I'm already famous.
( laughing )
Where the fuck's Mike?!
I'm on it, Al.
I'm on it.
We're on it, Al.
We're on it.
- What's this for again?
- "Variety" in Hollywood.
Paging Mike D'Angelo.
Paging Mike D'Angelo!
In a jiffy, Al.
In a jiffy.
He's coming down
the hall now, Al.
Hey, he's coming down
- Two-inch cuffs.
- At your height,
an inch a half is--
two inches.
- Get a lot of fan mail?
- Here's Mike, Al.
12 seconds with
the big boy, Mike.
Don't get him
agitated.
Mike, where you been?
Been asking for you.
What's on
your mind, boss?
- Hey!
- Sorry, sorry.
- This is off the record.
- Why, sure.
- Naturally.
- Ralphie, what I want
Mike for?
I don't know, Al.
You didn't say.
Jesus, I got
a lot on my mind.
- Now, you gotta ask me.
- Actually, Al, I need
to talk to you.
Last night,
6th and Springer, feds.
- What?
- How bad?
600 cases
Canadian Club.
- Any cash?
- Just shy of 20 grand.
Jesus!
Back off, Puddy!
- Take a hike.
Shoo, come on.
- All right.
- Get him outta here.
- Apologies!
Get outta here.
- Take a hike.
- Sorry.
6th and Springer.
Whose territory is that?
Mueller
and the other one.
Atlantic City.
He says he's been
making his payoffs,
but this fed,
the one in charge,
says he never
saw him before.
How's that
Al's problem?
It ain't.
I just, you know,
want to make him aware.
I'm aware.
Those clowns
owe me 20 grand.
Tell Mueller
he finds the dough
or I'll sell his balls
for fucking scrap!
( laughing )
You were telling me
about your fan mail.
Sure. Comes in
from all over the world.
People looking
to make a touch.
- Berlin.
- See?
Even the Krauts know
what a prince I am.
( laughs )
- Floor, please?
- Nine.
Was he upset?
Al? No.
He had a big
laugh of it.
- Well, that's a rel--
- Of course he was upset,
you fucking blockhead.
20 grand, you think
that's peanuts?
- Mr. D'Angelo, I--
- 14th floor.
( whistling tune )
12th, skip.
Switching
to a suite.
( continues whistling )
- ( elevator bell dings )
- 12th floor.
Have a good day.
You're gonna
replace that dough.
Every last cent.
You understand?
- How am I supposed to do that?
- You gonna give me lip now?
- No, sir.
- Figure it the fuck out.
Got to be something
rattling around that
giant coconut of yours.
Ninth floor.
You got 24 hours,
Mueller.
Going down.
Well?
What's he hocking
you for?
You work for me,
so I'm getting the blame.
What do you want
from me?
I was lucky I wasn't
pinched myself.
- We have to answer for this.
- I told him what happened.
Some Boy Scout fed
trying to make a name
for himself.
Are you deaf?
Mr. D'Angelo does
not care.
Mr. Capone wants
his money.
- And Mr. Mueller can go f--
- Fifth floor.
Women:
Tearoom, please.
( dog whining )
Oh, say hello
to my Daisy.
Say hello
Hello, Daisy.
Yeah.
There you go.
Oh, isn't that nice?
- Yes.
- ( elevator bell dings )
Third floor.
Tearoom.
- Thank you.
Goddamn fucking money.
I'll get it back, okay?
You're chock-full
of promises, aren't you?
I said I'd
take care of it.
You can barely
take care of yourself.
You reek,
by the way.
Of urine.
- ( elevator bell dings )
- Lobby.
Going to see
the big fella.
( music playing )
We would summer
in Saratoga.
This was when Martin
still had the factory.
Hmm.
I'd go up with the children
and open the house.
And Martin would stay
in the city and tend
to his affairs.
And I do mean that
literally.
Was he that brazen?
Oh, nothing
if not discreet.
And the season in Saratoga
was always very gracious.
We preferred
Atlantic City.
My husband had
family there, so...
Man on radio:
And now it's time
for "The Good Listener"
with Mrs. Nadine St. Clair.
Nadine:
Hello, dear friends.
Thank you
for joining me today.
Oh, I do love a bit
of the agony aunt,
don't you?
Nadine:
In these uncertain times,
wouldn't you like
to know there's someone
who understands
our burdens?
But, dear friends,
I hope you realize
you can always
talk to me.
Our first letter comes
from J.W. in Morristown.
She relates
a heartbreaking tale.
Unwanted pregnancy.
Nadine:
"Dear Mrs. St. Clair,
for the last
three years my fiancé
has promised that as soon
as his mother passed on,
he would do right
by me and"--
( radio turns off )
Why did you do that?
It doesn't create
a conducive atmosphere.
I was listening.
Well, you can listen
in the parlor.
It's all right.
Isn't it all right?
I'd like to listen.
I'd like to listen
to Nadine St. Clair.
I-- I want to.
I want to.
- I want to! I want to!
- ( women clamoring )
( barking )
I want to!
- ( taps baton )
- Ladies! Ladies! Ladies!
( woman whimpering )
What are we here for?
- ( woman whimpers )
- Hmm?
To be good.
Were you being good?
Were you?
If we're good today,
we'll be better tomorrow.
And if we're better
tomorrow...
Dr. Cotton is happy.
And when Dr. Cotton
is happy, I'm happy.
And when I'm happy...
Bath time
has ended, ladies.
( chatting quietly )
What are you?
A good girl.
May I have
what I asked for?
If I get
what I ask for.
( jackhammer rattling )
( tools buzzing )
Always this noisy?
- Sound of progress.
- Got a whole complex planned.
Rockefeller Center.
Nothing wrong with
building a shrine
to oneself.
Isn't that
what money's for?
( chuckles )
Your Senator Lloyd
sends his regrets.
He's been detained
down in Washington.
( sighs )
Well, if you don't mind,
I'd like a few moments
of your time anyway.
And why exactly
should you have it?
Because as
the board members
of the newly formed
Mayflower Grain Corporation,
it's fairly obvious,
to me at least,
that you gentlemen
are poised to enter
the liquor business.
Is that so?
Unless I'm wrong
and there's more potential
in Wheatena than in
barley and hops.
( laughs )
We agreed to meet,
Mr. Thompson,
as an accommodation
to the senator.
Owing to your special
relationship.
But let's suppose
for the moment,
for the sake of argument,
that you're right
and breakfast cereal
is only half our concern.
Why should
we listen to you?
As a result of my recent
trip to Havana,
I've secured
exclusive North American
distribution rights
for Bacardi Rum.
In the event the sale
of their product
once again becomes legal.
I propose we pool
our resources,
enter into a partnership.
With my experience
and know-how,
we can build
an infrastructure
ready to distribute
alcohol throughout--
- What experience?
- Beg pardon?
To what experience
are you referring?
My background
is quite varied.
Would you care
to elaborate?
If there's any question
of my integrity,
Senator Lloyd--
We're simply asking
what qualifies you to be
in the liquor business.
Specifically.
What qualifies me is that
for the past 11 years
I have been one
of the most successful
bootleggers in the country.
Oh, I see.
Is there a reason
you wanted to pretend
as if you didn't know?
We prefer putting
our cards on the table.
- Just so we're all
on the same page.
- Nucky: Fine.
The crash hit me hard
as anyone, gentlemen.
I can't finance an operation
like I have in mind on my own.
You're putting the cart
before the horse.
We need assurances,
Mr. Thompson,
that repeal actually
is on the horizon.
A half million women
seem to think so,
if that rally
was any indication.
Women For Reform,
or whatever they
call themselves.
Wanting something
and achieving it
are two
very different things.
Though one naturally
follows the other.
We're betting
on the same thing, boys.
That repeal
is going to happen.
That may be true,
but without the senator--
I'll get the senator
back onboard.
I'm fairly certain
we both know
that's not gonna happen.
Charles:
We do appreciate
your coming in, however.
I made the same deal,
you know.
Excuse me?
Across the pond.
To import Dewar's
when the country returns
to its senses.
Moet Champagne as well.
Great minds, I suppose.
Married, Mr. Thompson?
Technically.
It's complicated.
Well, affairs
of the heart
always are.
So your partners,
was that just
a vetting process
or should I find some
other doorway to darken?
A man like you
frightens them.
These are Brahmins,
not brawlers.
Well, you don't seem
particularly rattled.
( chuckles )
Atlantic City.
I'll ring you up
next time I visit.
Mr. Thompson.
Mr. Kennedy.
Torrio sent word.
Maranzano wants to meet.
- ( music playing )
- ( whistling )
( hammering )
( women laugh )
Ah, afternoon, my ladies.
Your royal coachman awaits.
Oh, how regal.
♪ Just a song
at twilight ♪
♪ When the lights
are low ♪
♪ And the flickering
shadows ♪
♪ Softly come
and go... ♪
And a serenade as well.
♪ Though the heart
be weary ♪
♪ Sad the day
and long ♪
♪ Still to us
at twilight... ♪
Well, look
who it is.
The linchpin
of the entire organization.
Sorry I'm tardy, sir.
So you are.
I was worried sick.
Yes, sir.
Actually, Lou--
We're running
a business, boy.
You're a critical part
of the operation.
You can't just come
and go willy-nilly.
- No, sir.
- You think that sand
will sweep itself?
Why, you don't show up,
this whole place descends
into chaos.
The very future
of this hotel hanging
in the balance.
- Maybe--
- My sister passed.
- What?
- My sister, sir.
She died
last night
while we were
sleeping.
Are there services?
A mass?
I'd like to pay
my respects.
No, sir.
The Father came
for last rites,
but we're burying
her at home.
You should
send something.
What for?
Kid's old man
thinks I'm a devil.
He votes, don't he?
A tragedy,
losing a sister.
All right, then,
go on.
Find solace
in your work.
( music playing )
( grunting )
Say, Dad.
( clatters )
What is it?
Why do clouds
just float in the sky?
Is this a joke?
It's for science class.
Go ask your mother.
She said to ask you.
I'm busy, Chester.
You can see that,
can't you?
Clouds float...
because of
the atmosphere.
- But--
- Shoo! Upstairs.
Man on radio:
You are listening to
"Fleischmann's Yeast Hour"
featuring Rudy Vallee.
♪ I'm just
a vagabond lover ♪
♪ In search
of a sweetheart... ♪
Dad says on account
of atmosphere.
Good.
Finish your homework.
♪ The girl of my
vagabond dreams... ♪
That is a thoroughly
unladylike habit.
- You are working?
- Yes.
When you will be home?
When will I be home?
This is what I say.
No, what you said was,
"When you will be home?"
which is entirely--
What is difference?
Difference is I'm trying
to raise our children
to speak proper English.
Where is Abigail,
by the way?
At her meeting
for the Girl Scouts.
I'll be late.
See that Chester
says his prayers.
( door slams )
♪ Some girls... ♪
The universe loves
nothing so much
as to change things
which are
and to make new things
like them.
You're a student
of Marcus Aurelius,
Mr. Thompson?
I'm more
of a Ben Franklin
man myself.
A penny saved
is a penny earned.
That sort of thing.
Masseria,
Joe the Boss,
he was stubborn.
Like a mule.
And like a mule,
he only understood
the switch.
Violence.
But you know this
all too well.
I brought Mr. Maranzano
up to speed with your history.
It's true we had
our difficulties.
How many times
I try to reason
with the man?
And for what?
A goose egg.
So why try
to kill me?
This I did not do.
I saw his partner
down in Cuba the day
before it happened.
Meyer and I haven't
even spoke to each other
in months.
A falling out?
People drift.
Friendships end.
And new ones
are forged.
Allegiances
change as well.
A man's worth is no greater
than his ambitions.
He's a good boy,
Tonino.
Mr. Thompson.
Mr. Lansky I've met
only once.
We have no intercourse
whatsoever.
Sicilians only.
Meyer's got his thing,
you got yours.
What we do here--
Concerns no one
but us.
You have nothing
to fear from me,
Mr. Thompson.
Who said I was afraid?
So do I believe
him or not?
Believe whatever it is
gets you out of this mess.
It's the last stop
on Guzik's route.
Got to be 20 grand
in that speak at least.
When he comes out,
we make our move.
Trust me, he won't
put up a fight.
You've been apart
how long?
What?
From your wife.
I don't know.
Jesus.
Six years or so.
I mean, we arrange
to see each other
now and again,
but it's hard.
You still care for her.
Of course.
Sure.
All I think about
are her and the kids.
Sometimes I find it easier
to despise someone
than to love them.
The fuck is this guy?
- Whoa, whoa. Easy!
- Eli: Give me
the fucking gun.
Steady now
and no one gets hurt.
You know who
you're robbing, pal?
- Peter. To pay Paul.
- ( door opens )
What the fuck?
Van Alden:
I said steady.
Steady.
- ( gunshot )
- I said--
- I said steady, God--
- ( gunshot )
( groaning )
- I can't move my legs.
- Fuck!
- Joey! Joey!
- I'm gonna fucking
die, Jack!
- Fuck! Let's go.
- My legs! My fucking legs!
You're dead,
you son of a bitch!
- Come on. My legs.
- That's Al Capone's money.
- He fucking shot me.
I'm fucking dying.
- Joey!
- ( screams )
- ( gunshot )
- No, don't shoo--
Let's go!
Why must it always
be pandemonium?
( music playing )
You ever hear
that riddle,
the traveler
and the two tribesmen?
One always lies,
the other always
tells the truth.
I lay down,
they come after
me again.
I fight back...
I met a man today,
an Irishman.
Millions of dollars,
married,
has his fingers in
a dozen different pies.
Think he's wading through
blood to make a buck?
You get to the point
where you
have to live with
the choices you've made.
The good ones
and the bad.
And I accept that.
I'm right there.
This fucking close.
This liquor deal
comes through
and I'm golden.
Then the trick's
to stay alive long
enough to cash out.
( sighs )
You haven't
the slightest idea
what I'm talking
about, do you?
Sí.
Sí, you do,
or sí, you don't?
What's the difference?
If you'd have a drink,
I'd make a lot more sense.
Do you have anything
to say at all?
I kill them,
I don't kill them.
Whatever you say.
Man on radio:
Bing Crosby of
the Rhythm Boys
gave you the chorus
in the last selection,
"Out of Nowhere."
Man on radio:
Gus Arnheim and
his Ambassadors
at the Cocoanut Grove
continues.
( music playing )
Left almost
90 minutes ago.
By way of Yonkers?
Maranzano probably
sent him for crullers.
Who, Tonino?
He'd probably
fuck that up, too.
Benny:
Oh, the schmuck's
already here.
The fuck were you?
I was here early.
I figured I'd get
my knob polished.
- What are you, 14?
- We're down here waiting.
I'm sorry.
It's just, you know.
You posing for
animal crackers?
He ain't
tipped me yet.
Take a walk.
What's the word
on Maranzano?
Is he suspicious?
You know how he is.
Plays it close to the vest.
Did he say anything
when you dropped him off?
He says a lot of shit.
Marcus Polo.
Who the fuck knows
what he's talking about?
You ask me, he believes
you fellas are on the outs.
Based on what?
Nothing.
I don't know.
My opinion.
- I don't like this,
Charlie.
- Relax.
- We're jake.
- How nice you're so sure.
You had to talk
to Thompson, huh?
- Down in fucking Havana.
- What should I have done?
Gee, maybe not
fucking talk to him?
He saw me, Benny.
Better to face it head-on.
( speaking Yiddish )
Hey, fuck you,
you fucking screwball!
Enough.
As far as Maranzano knows,
Meyer took it on himself
to ice Thompson.
Benny:
Who knows what that
fucking greaseball thinks?
I say we move now.
Just take him the fuck out.
It's too soon.
We don't got the support.
Support?
What are we,
politicians?
- Ahem.
- What, Tonino?
Prince Street.
Me taking over.
I did the thing,
you said you'd think
about it.
Masseria ain't even
in the fucking ground yet.
I know.
I'm just reminding you.
Go back upstairs.
Get yourself a rim job.
What are you
sore at me for?
We'll catch up
later, okay?
He's a real fucking
schnorrer, this one.
Yeah, he's all right.
Charlie:
Tell it to Gyp Rosetti.
What's this now?
Ethan.
What do you want?
I've come to pay
my respects to you,
your wife.
It's a terrible blow.
She's not here.
Your boy told me
what happened.
Is there anything worse
under God's blue heaven
than the loss
of an innocent child?
What's that?
To give your daughter
a proper burial.
Think you can
buy me twice?
It was a fair deal,
Ethan.
No one forced you
to sell that land.
Take the day, boy.
Be with your family.
Thank you, sir,
but if it's all the same,
I'd rather come to work.
- Easy there.
- Pa.
You get the hell
off my property.
I'm not the monster
that you think I am, Ethan.
( carriage leaving )
( train whistle blowing )
What's he like?
Hodge?
Well, he's direct,
tough, earnest.
Sort of reminded me
of Teddy Roosevelt.
Without the big stick,
I hope.
In the interview
they ask you these questions,
try to test
your integrity.
Would you ever break the law
to get a conviction?
That type of thing.
My name come up?
Excuse me?
During the interview.
No.
'Course not.
I wouldn't be
ashamed if it did.
Well, that's very noble,
but you've got a future
to think about.
William H. Thompson,
Chief Justice
of the Supreme Court.
So long as you're not
the Attorney General
of New Jersey.
( chuckles )
You hardly touched
your chicken.
I'm okay.
I'm proud of you, Will.
We all are.
Your dad would be, too.
- ( music playing )
- ( man scatting )
Man:
Shut the door.
- Al: Seven.
- Ralph: Six.
( Al laughs )
42.
- Ralph: One.
- 64.
- 14.
- 72.
- 42.
- 71.
79.
Mueller, where you been?
There was an accident
on Michigan.
What did you bring
for lunch?
Cabbage.
Watch it, Fred.
There might
be a cockroach
ready to pounce.
That's not funny.
There's bugs everywhere.
( laughing )
- 42.
- 14.
- 72.
- Nine.
Two fat ladies, 88.
( laughing )
Man:
In closing, my friends,
it's not the meek who change
the world, but the fighters,
the believers.
The city of Chicago
is at a great precipice,
teetering on the brink
between good and evil.
So I vow to fight
the Capone mob,
not bow out,
not walk away,
not give in,
not give up, but fight.
Fight to win
for the fathers,
the mothers,
and the schoolchildren
of this city.
Yeah, but, Mr. Ness,
how are you gonna
go about this?
And if anyone says
that to fight doesn't
get you anywhere,
that a lone treasury agent
can't make a difference,
that the Capone machine
is too powerful,
then I say they don't
know Eliot Ness.
( reporters clamoring )
( knocks )
- Man: Who is it?
- It's Wilson.
- Making progress?
- Yes, sir.
14,000 in
diamond belt buckles.
Christmas gifts
for his employees.
All I got was a lousy
bottle of champagne.
The cathouse on Huron.
I'd like a full breakdown
by morning.
( music playing )
Señor.
Mr. Thompson,
he wants you.
Thirsty?
Nervous,
speaking frankly.
Just a friendly conversation
in a very public place.
It was the invitation
got me rattled.
Don't mind him.
He's a pussycat.
What do you want
to know?
How about you tell me
who it was spoiled
my vacation?
You know I could get killed
for just talking to you.
And you will be
if you don't.
It was Lansky
and Luciano.
They're gonna bide their time,
let Maranzano think he's king.
Then the minute
they got enough support--
His reign is over.
They're gonna
take me out, too.
I fucking know it.
Put the knife
in my back the second
they get the chance.
But you were on board
with the Masseria hit.
What choice did I have?
It was go along or else.
Maranzano's got
no beef with you.
As far as he's concerned,
Atlantic City's yours.
I can keep
what's already mine?
How exceedingly generous.
A lot more so
than the other two.
Does Maranzano know
what they're planning?
If he does,
he ain't letting on.
How do you do it?
Work with people
you can't trust?
Is that an offer?
If it were?
Anything, Mr. Thompson,
I swear.
I'd come work for you
in a heartbeat.
Tell my man where
we can find Lansky.
In the morning,
come see me.
Thank you,
Mr. Thompson.
I will.
Thank you, sir.
- She was a lovely girl,
Billie Kent.
- Huh?
( train whistle blowing )
God of all mercies,
You make nothing
in vain,
and You love
all that You have made.
Comfort us
in our grief
and console us
with the knowledge
of Your unfailing love.
Through Jesus Christ,
our Lord.
Amen.
Where are you going?
Made your choice,
then, eh?
Sir?
Your boss there,
the Commodore.
He said he would
bury her proper.
( scoffs )
Money never did
the dead no good.
Fill it in.
No. No.
( sobbing )
( train whistle blows )
Man on radio:
And now we're back with
America's favorite family.
Father:
Ooh! What the deuce?
Slow down.
- ( vase shatters )
- Mother's new vase.
Betsy, dear,
I told you
there will be
no roller-skating
inside the house.
Betsy:
Well, I don't remember that.
Father:
I said it 100 times.
Betsy:
Well, there's your
problem, Daddy.
I can't count that high.
( sobbing )
- Son: Hey, Pop.
- Hello, Junior.
Son:
Say, I was hoping to borrow
the keys to the Ford.
Father:
Why, certainly.
Son:
You mean, I can
really take the car?
Father: What car?
I said you could
borrow the keys.
Son:
Gee, you're not still sore
at me, are you, Pop?
Father:
Now why on earth
would I be sore?
Son:
On account I dented
the fender?
- Father: You did?
- Son: No, but don't
you feel better now?
( audience laughing,
applauding )
( music playing )
- Woman: I'm red.
- Woman #2: No, I'm red.
- I'm red.
- Started already
right over here.
- No, I'm red.
- I'm red.
- Don't touch.
- Ow! Ow! Ow!
- Give me that back.
- Ladies. Ladies.
- I'm red.
- Sorry.
- Okay.
- I'm sorry.
Are you sure we should
be doing this?
I say what goes here.
Understand?
You have a lovely figure.
( sniffs )
New Year's Eve.
I wore this at
the Hotel Excelsior.
Paul Whiteman played.
Does it flatter me?
Some tailoring,
perhaps.
Lower the hemline.
Could you not get
proper stationery?
I'm risking my job
as it is.
No crazy letters
to the president, now.
Why would you think
I would do that?
'Cause you're
in the booby hatch, honey.
That's why no pen
and paper is allowed.
I did something wrong.
I know that.
But the doctor said
I needed to be looked after.
I just--
it's all a jumble.
I need to get
my thoughts straight.
( music playing )
( chatter )
Make sure
you cork the rum.
- Fella found a fruit fly--
- ( woman screaming )
- Woman: Oh, help!
- Woman #2: Oh, my God!
- ( tires squeal )
- Man: He's going down there!
It's the black one.
The Buick.
Get the car.
Get the car!
Man #2:
Take her out of here.
All right, come on, let's go.
Turn around.
Let's go.
Man #3:
Hey, ladies, come on.
Come on, get out of here.
- ( music playing )
- ( whistling )
( men vocalizing )
Uploaded by [ sRtFeVeR ] new srt source
♪ His name was Yuba ♪
♪ He was homely,
he was dumb ♪
♪ And so was Yuba,
just a big ambitious bum ♪
♪ He wouldn't do-a so much
as chew a piece of gum ♪
♪ So this is news to me ♪
♪ Booba-doopa-doopa-
doopa-doo ♪
♪ Down in Havana there's
a funny-looking boob-a ♪
♪ He plays the rhumba
on the tuba down in Cuba ♪
♪ Oh, any sap'll
sell an apple ♪
♪ But this chap would
rather grapple with his
oompah-oompah-oompah ♪
♪ They prefer it to
a booba-doopa-doopa,
oop-oop ♪
♪ They love a rhumba
on the tuba down in Cuba ♪
♪ Ahh,
boop-boop-boop-boop-boop ♪
♪ It doesn't take him
very long to get a tumble ♪
♪ For all the rhumba lovers
go into their rumble ♪
♪ Oh, how I'd like
to be his double ♪
♪ For without a bit of trouble,
with his oompah-oompah-oompah ♪
♪ He can knock 11 ladies
for a loop-a, oop-oop ♪
♪ They love a rhumba
on the tuba down in Cuba ♪
♪ Ahh,
boop-boop-boop-boop-boop ♪
♪ He's not a greenhorn ♪
♪ He blows a mean horn ♪
♪ A must-be-seen horn ♪
- ♪ Oh, he's a whiz ♪
♪ Why, all Havana loves
this funny-looking boob-a ♪
♪ Who plays the rhumba
on the tuba down in Cuba ♪
♪ I can't believe it,
but they tell us every
peanut vendor's jealous ♪
♪ Of his
oompah-oompah-oompah ♪
♪ They prefer it
to the boopa-doopa-doopa ♪
♪ Oop-oop ♪
♪ Peanut ♪
♪ They love the rhumba
on the tuba down in Cuba ♪
♪ They love his
oompah-oompah-oompah-oompah-
oomp-oomp-oomp ♪
♪ Oop. ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org